filebeat: ID for filestream is required (#30717)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Fix compatibility with ECS by renaming `source` log key to `source_file` {issue}30667[30667]
- Fix add_kubernetes_metadata matcher: support rotated logs when `resource_type: pod` {pull}30720[30720]
- Update documentation for accessing `last_response.url.params` in httpjson input. {pull}30739[30739]

> - Mitigates data duplication on restart when filestream inputs did not have an ID set. Setting an ID for those
>   inputs will fix the problem without generating any data duplication{issue}30061[30061]

Reviewer: Close, I don't think we have mitigated it, but we have allowed mitigating it with a config change. What about something like:

```suggestion
- Allow fixing data duplication on restart when filestream inputs did not have an ID set. Setting an ID for filestream
  inputs will fix the problem without generating any data duplication{issue}30061[30061]
```

- Update documentation for accessing `last_response.url.params` in httpjson input. {pull}30739[30739]

*Filebeat*

> - Fixes data duplication on restart when filestream inputs did not have an ID set. {issue}30061[30061]

Reviewer: We will have to reword this (and remove the breaking change note above). I would be as detailed as possible about what the issue is and how to fix it.

Author: What do you think of the new version? Technically it's not a full bug fix because the users can still make it happen by not setting IDs despite all the warnings in the logs.
